[Lil Wayne talking]
We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Its Weezy Wee, Mannie Fresh, and Unplugged
We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Weezy, Fresh, and Unplugged

[Verse 1:]
[Lil Wayne]
Give me a big fine bitch in a dress
One put them lips in effect
Suck the dick 'til the shit in her chest
You can piss on her brest
I like that shit
Project hoes like that dick, Don't bite that dick
Give me a Spanish sweet hoe
Black from Puerto Rico
Freak ho, Specialize in givin' me deep throat
Really dont care how short how plump, short or thick
Give me head, Don't care, Swallow cum don't spit
Aww shit, I like them Jamicians and them Hatians
Niggas can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em
White girl's I video tape 'em and they enjoy it
They love it when everybody saw it
Its off tha chain
High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brain
But watch them hoes who want the change
Its not a game
Or short cuban hoe, With a fat ass though
An I'll keep the bitch just like Fidel Castro

[Chorus:]
[UnPlugged]
Tell me what you like
Let me tell you what I like
You goin' on an breakin' me off by the end of the night
You can ride with me
Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans
Ain't tryin' to make a love scene
Truly I just want you to break me off

[Verse 2:]
[Lil Wanye]
Weezy the hottest
Drinkin' Barcadi
I stream through the scene on a Lincon on Robbers
Lookin' for the finest dime, To wine and dine
Later on I'm tryin' to climb behind ya spine
Hold up lil mama, Slow ya ass down
Pick it up, Throw ya ass down
Now throw ya ass around
An scream me name 
I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne, Wayne)
A damn shame
Better watch that boy he nasty
I strap on a plastic
Break ya off like elastic
Put the dick in the middle, Make it wiggle for ya'll
Might be small, But that dick ain't little at all
I like a short thick broad, Fat ass an shit
Like Taso flip like Trina The Baddest Bitch
Matter of fact when I see her, Pull her Over like a cop
Juve coulda Backed It Up an I woulda Dropped It Like Its Hot
Ha Ha, Ya heard me
Ha Ha, Unplugged

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
[Mannie Fresh]
I like them big, round, yellow and brown
A bitch that take it from the back and make the (Ugh Ugh) sound
Now you can bounce, slide, drop, giddy up, giddy up
Now you can ride til you feel it hit a nut, hit a nut
Bounce for ya hood, Shake for ya baby daddy
Twerk for that nigga who got you pregnant in the Caddy
Slide with the KY, Hold up ???
My bitch got thong, You bitch got drawls
My chick like to swallow, Yo chick like to spit
If yo chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch
Hold up, Chill out, Wait a minute stop
My Ginseng, Viagra, and a Strawberry pop
See I'm feelin' kinda bold, Why don't ya bring a friend
From vigina to the asshole do it again
I want a yucky down misses bout whatever
Yo mama loved a Tymer, Now you welcome
You ok Lil mama and I love that chick
But deep down inside I just love me dick

[Chorus 4x][Verse 1:]
where my niggaz at, it's play it raw time baby
load up the guns guerilla war time baby
light up the blunts, light up the block time dawg
choppers with drums, ozzee's, and glock time dawg
whoever he with, they better stay cause they to nice
and whoever and hit, jump out the window and get it right
then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out
then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out
bust it really, it ain't no stopping me cause i hang up to that ville
and now i'm tieing on my bandanna and i'm cocking back
jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap
dawg we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums
hit your daddy, you suki, you son, your wife and move your momma
cause i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'

[Chorus:]
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

[Verse 2: (B.G.)]
If drama come to me then it come
for that i got two glocks and a k with a drum
that's what i ride with not what i got got ducked off
the mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off
i got the tillery when beef kick
i got soldiers ready to march when that beef start
i got niggaz be in that zone on that herion
i got niggaz ready to kill when shit get real
i got niggaz that play all out akirts of the field
so get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled
oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death
you lose and can't continue if you get dome checked
you get blues it's all what duck gonna be next
come in that water and get wet
think you can fuck with me, you thoughts will get upset
i don't shot to hit i shot to kill
believe me i don't shoot for fun when i shoot it's for real
Come on nigga!

[Chorus:]
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

[Verse 3:]
Give me the guns, i'm ready to bust one nigga
my nuts hung nigga, since i was young nigga
i get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga
i sip some nigga, and i flip some nigga
A uptown stunter, what the hell you think
ready for war, BUT I AIN"T NO CAPTAIN OF NO GOT DAMN TANK!
and you can take that to vegillity boy
i'm burning up, i'm on fire is you smelling boy
cause i be coming with the top down 
letting them know how the chop sound
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down
assault rifle with a drum and beam totter
38 with a speed loader in my holster
Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder
but if i pop my trunk i'm might just set off a damn explosure
i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'

[Chorus x2]

You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here i come nigga! [x2][Lil Wayne]
Drop, drop, drop, what what what
After you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
After you back it up and stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

hehe, listen

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
You know me girl
I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl
Drop to your knees top ya hair, ah ah slow me girl
Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl
No he didn't say that, yes I did girl
I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl
I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl
Then after that, you can get it how you live girl
That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl
Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl
I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl
I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl
That's cause I likes it girl
And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl 
So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl
Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl
And after you back it up, drop it like its hot girl

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Verse 2 - B.G.]
First time need you to bend both knees
Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy 
The left one time, the right two times (whoa) 
Show a nigga somethin, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on
Nice workin, bitch
Ain't no need to hold it in, what you workin with
You want a Hot boy, hear me, work it bitch
Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch
I'm on fire yea
I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea
Girl think I'm playin, I'ma freak ya down
I'ma show you how we do it on ?VL? Uptown, I'm wanna hear you make the move
Ooo B.g sounds, I wanna hear you say aw boy you laid that down
Aw you laid that down
I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block
But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, make em' it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me
Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy
Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy
Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy
I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy
I got guns that go BLOCK A boy, BLOCK A boy
Ya'll runnin with a monster boy, reason Wayne callin yall
And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy 
I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy
Go up in flames blockburner thats my motto boy
It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy
I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy
Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy
(shhhhhhhh) hehehehehe, got a lotta boys
Claim to be soldiers but lies boy
And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy
[Mannie Fresh]
But a hump in your back and bend your rump 
Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump
And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what)
[Lil Wayne]
And after he finished, next me next me
[Mannie Fresh]
Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa)
I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (ooo)
Ha, I stuffed you in the ass (ooo)
Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss)
I know you wish you could go home (go home)
To a nigga with a dick like a python (python)
Stank bitch ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone)
Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!)
Take the switch out on these freaks because cause i'm so wrong
[Lil Wayne]
So wrong, so wrong, so wrong
Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
[Lil Wayne]
Tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
We tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
[Lil Wayne]
They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like its hot
Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Wha wha wha, drop it like its hot
They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot
Tell em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot[Juvenile]
Ah hmmm hmmmm
Hmmmm Hmmm

[Verse 1 - Juvenile]
When I say I don't give a fuck
I mean that yeah
?? brains is getting bust
I didn't say that yeah
If a shipment was comin in
I need a ?? wodie
I need a sixty-forty nigga
And no chargin' that wodie
You done heard about Michael Jackson
And shiggidy shit
But you ain't never heard about me
When i'm flissin a bitch 
Niggas shoulders gettin knocked
Clean off of they head 
See that red dot comin from 
Me and my girlfriend
Cause I wants mine
I needs mine
And i'm about to get mine
At these times
Look lil' daddy 
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya
Look, I make a phone call to the big dog
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all
Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice
I still bust a nigga head on the block aright

[Chorus 2x (Juvenile & Lil' Wayne)]
[Juvenile]
It's enemy turf that i'm on
So i'ma play it how it go
Cock the hollow points 
And tote my black calicoe
My lil' brother Weezy

[Lil' Wayne]
My big brother Juvi 
Four hit the blocks
Strapped up with the Uzis

[Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne]
What, What, La
Gun for gun
Eye for eye
Better move yo' wife and son 
'Cause i ride or die 
Cashmoney Hot Boy
Bless me when i'm gone
But until then load up the chrome cause it's on
I been bout it
Put a ??
I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip
And i be full of that trash
i be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast
Watch the bullets chop off the head 
And make 'em fall in the grass 
One move they all die 
Lil' Weezy small frie 
Guerilla when it's war time
Y'all better learn 
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell
Well then let 'em burn
??
Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go
If i don't get my dough 
Then hell will be all blowin'
'Till i R.I.P CMR i be
I put it down for all my peeps
Nigga, i'm HB for real

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
All i know is the streets 
And how to strap up 
When it's time shoot it
Cock yo' heaters 
Tie up yo' bags 
It's time to do it
Blaze the blunt 
Shut off the lights 
And cut down the music 
Roll down the windows 
Turn the corner 
And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr
If ya don't know now 
Then ya never will learn
You ca play with Lil' Wayne
And yo' block get burned
You must love to go swimmin
Cause tha water gets deeper
See i bust you wide open 
And take 'ya daughter with me
Here come the beat boy 
Shoot out the street lights 
Time to bring on the heat boy 
If you ain't really wit it 
Then you better get back
I open yo' chest 
And make it look just like a wet cat
This is a death trap 
i'ma a guerilla and i mean it
leave ya' head still in a beanin'
?? on the semen
Calicoe steamin'
Red dot beamin'
Dressed up suspicious
Play with lil' Weezy you'll be ?? for the vicious

[Chorus 2x]

Enemy Turf
Time to strap up 
What[Talking]
I know, I know, Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father
Damn nigga, y'all excuse the expressions

What it be like up there baby boy, ay this here ya son hollerin at ya
I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya
But I know you watchin, peepin down on how I'm livin
Ay, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit 
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk
Say, I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house
I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out
But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time
Told me get the paper instead of high
So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog
I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me
But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin
And I'm a make you even happier, I promise

[Chorus 2x]
I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know
But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know
But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog

I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever
But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her
And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman
I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin from nothin
B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child
Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile
And me I'm on some "squash it" and some debate it
But I know they love it way more than they hate it
And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these bitches
I try love 'em, my BM be trippin
But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection
And you see I left school behind and chose CMB
It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough
And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely
Watch over me my nigga, just guide me

[Chorus]

I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you
'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you
Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes
Yeah, nigga I cried, it's 'cause I loved you dog
I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog
So I live my life in dedication of you dog
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within
Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again
But I know they got a reason why I'm here
And I know they got a reason why you gone
And therefore, I'm succeedin on my own
But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart
I can't forget you kept it real from the start
And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me
And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me
And tell them niggas Pac, B.I.G. and Pun I said "thay's my peoples"
Watch over me nigga 'til I see you

[Chorus 1 1/2x]
[Wayne talking to fade]Look, look, look

A young nigga screaming fuck the world and let 'em die
Behind tints, tryna' duck the world and smoking rie
Got my bandanna 'round my head and pants to my feet
And got my eyes fire red and glock on my seat
I'm tryna' stay under intoxication
'Cause I lost my father, and got a daughter, plus I'm on probation
I'm drinking liquor like it's water, getting pissy drunk
And staying away from them lil' broads that trying to give me some
I keep a chopper in the trunk and my heat on my wasteline
Ducking the law, 'cause I ain't tryna' do no FED time
Sometimes I just wish I could be away
But I gotta take care of Reginae and keep macita straight
So I just maintain the struggle and I keep trying
But how can I when my closest people keep dyin'
I ain't lying that the law tryna' bust my clique
But I scream fuck the world man, I'm too young for this

[Hook 2x]
Look, I don't curse, but in this verse man, fuck the world
I lost my father to a gun and made a little girl
And I'm still thuggin' wit' my niggas tryna' keep it real
And I'm still doing for my mother and I'm payin' bills

Give me a cigarette, my nerves bad
The FEDs said they heard that I know where them birds at
And my old lady say she saw me with anotha Brizzah
And some a the boys shot up my block so now I gotta kill 'em
And teachers keep tellin' my momma that I'm gettin' worse
And now she tripping talking 'bout I need to be in church
And my lil' girl whole family tryna' lie in court
Tryna' put me, a child, on child support
And my own family deny me of what I do 'cause I'm a 'thug and stuff'
Plus, my niggas keep falling to them drugs and stuff
That dope got these niggas melting away
Man they got clowns right around me, killing they self everyday
We keep fighting but they so strong
I know it's hard but don't give up baby hold on
Just keep ya fate, count blessings, and wodie keep ya trust
And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck
We don't give a fuck

[Hook]

I mean the world just ain't gon' never change
So I just keep my head up and my nuts, let 'em hang
Dawg I swear it's very rough out here for the youngstas
Like everybody against me 'cause I'm a young thug
Dear Rabbit, why they have to kill Rabbit?
But I'ma keep you alive, nigga, I'm Lil' Rabbit
That's why this lil' nigga be bugging like it's no tomorrow
I only can depend on macita and C-M-R
I try my best to make it through the night and live today
But I'm upset so I'm steady wipin' tears away
And police got me under surveillance when and wherever
Wrecking they brains, tryna' figure where I'm getting that cheddar
I tell my family just leave me a-damn-lone
I can handle all a my business, this lil' man grown
But I try to forget about it and just stand strong
But if everything was cool I wouldn't write this damn song
Fuck the world

[Hook 3x][BG]
Niggas be hatin
'Cause BG got it
Every top of the line car they got
Look I ride it
From the Hummer to the Rover
To the drop jag
B and C lex truck 
Nothin' my click ain't had
Everybody head was fucked 
When they heard bout the deal
Cash Money hotboys climbed for 30-mill
Already was straight now we livin larger
Already was ballin now we ballin harder
?? bitches can't take me 
Cause my wrist stay flossed out
Niggas hate me cause all day i'm flossed out
Ghetto made me 
My dog, Baby, saved me
Niggas find out they hoe got fucked, ??
That's how it go
It ain't my fault I got mega cheese 
Walk that walk 
Talk that talk i'm BG
Paperchaser to the fullest get my grind on
Gotta do it cause I made that song Get Yo' Shine On

[Chorus 3x]
Me and my click be sizzlin hot steamin
Bouncin' through diamonds high beamin'

[Wayne]
Wha
I'ma flosser baby, baller baby 
A fifteen year old shot caller baby
And I'm racin through 
In the all black chrome 
A Mercedes Coupe
Got yo' wife at my house 
And she naked too
And all my niggas all around 
Sayin 'Shake it Boo, go ahead to what you do'
It's Weezy dog and off the heezy dog
And I'm surrounded by the ice
It got me freezin' dog 
And it's plain and simple 
Won't change 'cause it's natural 
Lil' Wayne a pimp y'all
Got the game from Beatris
I'm tryin to see six numbers
Pull up at the Grammy awards in six Hummers 
Leave the Grammy awards with six womens
And make a stop at the gas station for six rubbers
Put it together
This is the life when you get full of the cheddar 
Don't try to end it or you would'nt get better, what

[Chorus 4x]

[Wayne]
La, la, la, la
Here I come star rapper
I get the fast money
Short, cute hot boy that rapper Cash Money
Standin out the roof of my car 
And flash hundreds
Take your girl to the mall
Spend a G like that's nothin
She lay on the floor 
Open up the spot 
Take off her draws
Let me see the cunt
Don't stop Lil' Weezy
We's ain't nothin nice 
But gats in my Jesus Christ 
Nothin but ice 
When they see me at night 
Behind ?? I stay high
Snatch yo' wife 
Run up in her with the K-Y
But it's on man
Ever since I was born Wayne
Nigga get out of line 
I get dirty like John Wayne
I'm bout stuntin', flossin'
Whatever come wit it
And I don't shoot guns
Unless they have a drum wit it
At first they wasn't wit it 
Thought that I was jokin
Now I got 'em all payin attention like they owe it

[Chorus][Turk]
Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks
Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it
Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found

[Hook (B.G.)]
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up

[Juvenile]
I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave
Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave
Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef
Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets."
I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me
I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets
A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!"
Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east
Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself
In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health
I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck
My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up
Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's
Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed
All they understand is my project English
And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis

[Hook 4x (B.G.)]
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G.]
I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark
You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart
I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war
I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice
Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga
Better know that I'm a snake, and I'ma sneak ya, nigga
Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas
Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga
Nothin' change - I'm on TV, I don't play with you niggas
Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas
And empty a hundred out that K
Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me
I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout
So many murders under my belt, I done lost count
If you wanna be another number, my nigga
Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga

[Hook (B.G.)]
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[Lil Wayne]
Hello, world
I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter
Young mobster, wild and obnoxious
Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy
Glock cookin', boy
I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy
Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin'
Spark or lace somethin'
Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin'
Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America
And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible
If I live to be old, it's a miracle
'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical 
That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo
Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you
Don't blame me, society changed me
You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar
Cut off lights, we masked riders
The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake
With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch

[Hook (B.G.)]
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Boy, look,
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G. (talking)]
Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me
We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin'
And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
B.Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer[Lil Wayne]
Got a early call from Kisha
Kisha wanted me to meet her
She said she thought it was time to make the relationship get deeper
Said cool then l'm gone be there
What would be a good time to reach ya
She said what about ten but l thought eleven would be sweeter
Cuz she wanted me to see her
Said l needed a teaser
But shit who got the keys to my Beamer
I rolled me up a blunt and got the Crystal out the freezer
I hopped in the two seater
Left Ne-Ne with Macita
Vroooom speed up run faster than a cheetah
Only thing on my mind is how l'm gone get all in this cheap slut
Should I use a rubber cuz I heard she was a freak
They say she keep it cleaned up
But I don't want HIV
?????
Her name's on my beeper
I called her on the Nokia
And told her come pick me up
As soon as I got in the house she got on her knees and grabbed my penis
Ate it up like some peanuts
I said oooohhhh Kisha
This what I got to meet her
She drunk it like a 2 liter
She blow like a pro
Oh no I got to keep her
Told her l'd be back about eleven I'm gone creep her
But don't go to sleep
I got some more meat to feed ya

[Turk]
Now I'm hot
I wonder was up with Kisha tonight
I'm gone give her a call
See if it's alright
For me to dip through
She said it's all gravy
First I got to get somebody to watch my baby
Baby it's all good
I'll be there in a minute
She didn't know I knew Wayne was already hittin it
Soon as I pull up I see my dog runnin out
He saw me dippin in but he didn't know ???
Soon as he pulled off
I knocked on the door
Sayin to myself look at this dog ass hoe
Its cool what you do
You know I like my shit sucked
For you to swallow the cum and put ice on my nuts
Caught my nut now I'm up
I'm gone holla at ya Kittie
I got studio tonight me and the H-Beezey
I can't be late
I'm gone see ya when I could
Here's Juve on the hip
Let 'em know it was all good

[Juvenile]
Ooohh Oooh there she go
On the way to the corner store
Lil Turk let me know
We done fucked the same bitch before
Say lil mama where you headed
She told me forget it
Hop in the back seat of my car and she spread it
Say baby slow down I don't wanna fuck ya first
I want you to suck on my dick until my nuts will burst
She was a fool with it
She said she had a good teacher she went to school with it
Cuz she knew what to do with it
I didn't want the bitch to have my car smellin
So I took her in the alley with some K Y Jelly
Pull your shorts and your draws down to your knees
Put the rubber on the dick handle that please
I hit it she sucked it
Hit it she sucked it and sucked it
I got tired of the pussy and now I said fuck it
Say boo I gotta ride
My baby moma beepin me and she stay way on the other side
I hit B.G. on the celly
And told him that the bitch was all good and you have it not to telly

[B.G.]
Bitch hold on do I know she fucked three of my dogs
I caught her walkin out the alley down by the mall
She fucked Wayne, Juve, Turk I know she ain't got no walls
But they told me she'd do a damn job on them bolls
She provided the number later on gave her a call
Told her what I was thinkin and she was down with it all
Can't deny it she was a fool kept that dick standin tall
What she'll do to a nigga she'll be against the law
That's how Hot Boys play it when we finish we toss
Baby when you finish Manny Fresh down the hall
After this episode that hoe won't be able to walk
After two or three steps that hoe might fall
Now you know then Hot Boys sad ha
Get in the bitch head
End up doing somethin bad ha
Kisha got did right yeah
Fucked the whole Cash Money click all in one night yeah[Lil' Wayne]
Cut the lights off nigga (Cut 'em off)
You know what time it is (What)
You know what time it is (What)
Strap -Up (Gun Cocks)

[Verse 1]
Alot of niggas better move out
Cause here I come with my click
With the tools out
All of a sudden all these cowards
Startin to spook out 
It's warfare a buncha of niggas
Bout to loose out
It's time to load up them thangs 
Hit the spot run in his house
And make 'em show up then thangs
Take 'em in the room go in his pockets 
And then blow up his brain
No matter the weather
Rain, snow, sleet, or hail
I'ma slang that metal 
So tell 'em niggas in yo' hood
To get it together
Cause i'm the tolas mario 
And we down for whatever
Nerver underestimate or you goin under
Y'all keep on playin with Lil Wayne
But that lil' boy trouble
And plus this shorty be ?? wodie
Be storin' bundles M start wildin and 
Hit the block and let his toys rumble 
And it go ratter tatter
It be ?? niggas scatter 
When the M-1 shatter 
And everybody on they block
They get bout ten in they bladder

[Chorus 2x]
Tell 'em lights off
Mask on 
Creep silent
Your lifes gone
We done left the block quiet

[Verse 2]
La
When it's time to ride
It ain't no time to play
It could be time to die
At any time of the day
And i'll be godammit
If i let a nigga steel me
It will not happen
Ima fire about a hundred and fifty shots at 'em
And got my glocks rabbin'
Leave a nigga spot damaged
That's how the beat made us
I chief three blunts 
So I can get a head rush
Then come around the corner
And your whole day crush
I'm sick and tired
Niggas choosin test a boy
They get hit and die 
Some of 'em scared of man slaughter
So they stay inside 
And watch they partner get lit up
And then they ask why
That's cause you played wit' me
They could'nt of known im'a guerilla
Drama stayed with me 
Run in his home went to kill him
Took his head with me
You better get it right or keep it right
Or lose your whole town
Tell em' lights off
It's about to go down 

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
Massacire all these streets block it off
Lil' Wayne in yo' hood
With something like a rocket dog
And i'm after ya 
I don't pass beef 
I stop at all 
That boy got a head on his shoulders
I knock it off
I'm highly intoxicated mixing krystelle and vodka
Somebody call the doctor 
Cause my chopper done went blocka, knocka
Nigga out the way man
I'm sorry but us guerillas we can't stay tamed, say it man
Are you ready, ready
Ready for warfare Wayne, Turk, Juvi, and BGeezy they all there
We all flare, don't care, dog they all tear
Give the guns to the one with the long hair
And block burner
It gets quiet they see the rims twenty four seventy
(Breathes)they breathe heavlily
Bullets they come steadily
You better stay off the block
Cause you might fall
You better stay off the block
Cause the lights off

[Chorus 4x]

[Lil' Wayne]
Lights off
Tell em' lights off
La, la, la lights off 
Nigga lights off
We done left the block quiet[Lil Wayne talking]
Fuck, Man I been on this block all day
Hot ?? my shirt, Hot
Boy that look like Baby
That aint Baby
That is that nigga
Let's go

[Baby]
Say Lil One
[Lil Wayne]
One Whats happenin' with you big dog
[Baby]
Look I need to talk bout some serious shit
[Lil Wayne]
Like what?, Look I aint have nothin' to do with killin'
[Baby]
Slow down, I'm talking bout some get money shit an how its gonna go down
[Lil Wayne]
Well holla at me nigga, Talk to me, Let me know somethin'
Cause right now I'm tired of husltin, And these rocks aint doin' nothin'
And to tell you the truth I feel like I be out here for the fun of it
I swear if I don't hit a lick by next month I'm done with it
[Baby]
I understand, But you ain't listenin' you just talkin'
I said I could get you paid, Is you with that offer?
I know you see me comin' thruogh everyday pimpin'
In a Benz, the Jag, and a Ferari
[Lil Wayne]
Yea, But I like that Bentely
[Baby]
All thats cool shorty, You can get this if you with me
Let me run it down to ya bout this shipment I'm gettin' in
[Lil Wayne]
I mean I'm sayin' it sound good, I like that
[Baby]
What thats a blunt?
[Lil Wayne]
Yea
[Baby]
Light that, Nigga I'll be right back
[Lil Wayne]
Aight cat, Don't be playin', This worth my while?
[Baby]
Lil daddy I play with hoes, Is you a hoe?
[Lil Wayne]
Nah
[Baby]
Say I got work, I need to flood it all over
I can't do it all myself, So I need me a Lil solider
I been peepin' ya Lil ass, I see you grindin' an shit
[Lil Wayne]
I been peepin' you to, Nigga I see you shinin' an shit
An you don't even know how long I been tryin' to find me a brick
To make it flip and take the chips and go an buy me a whip
[Baby]
Fuck a whip, That could wait
You worry bout your cake
Once you make enough to play
Go buy a Z-28
[Lil Wayne]
A Z-28 
Boy go head, Once I get change 
I'mma go an cop me a Range or two platinum chains
[Baby]
Well look I ain't fuckin' with ya
You to young from the start
[Lil Wayne]
Man that aint even got anythnig to do with it
Its dedication and heart
[Baby]
Dedication and smarts
Don't put your heart in this game
Cause when you fall to deep in love you get caught in this game
[Lil Wayne]
Well correct me when I'm worng 
And acknowlegde me when I'm right
[Baby]
Lil bitch, If ya hard head ass listen I might
[Lil Wayne]
B I'm all ears
[Baby]
Get yo ass in this car
[Lil Wayne]
Unlock the door
[Baby]
Its unlocked
[Lil Wayne]
Don't holla at me
You ain't my pa
[Baby]
Now stop playin', Look I got a hundred bricks just came
50 ki's of raw dope, and 50 bricks of cocaine
Pays 5 a piece
[Lil Wayne]
Every week
[Baby]
Just move it together
I'mma knock off my Lil section
You take care of ya area
[Lil Wayne]
Ughhh, Nigga I been waitin' to be the Don round here
I'mma have Coke and Dope 
Its gone be on round here
But how you want me to sell this
Zones, Quaters, Halfs, Ki's
[Baby]
However they ask for it, Just give it to them Lil Weezy
[Lil Wayne]
I'm all for it cousin
I'mma get me a million
If power get between it I'mma split me a nigga
[Baby]
You better, But when I get you this shit nigga
Let them have it
I bet you be on the block workin', Directin' traffic
[Lil Wayne]
Like you park here, You park there, You meet me in the cuts 
[Baby]
Say Lil One
[Lil Wayne]
Wassup?
[Baby]
We gone fuck it up
[Lil Wayne]
Nigga what?
Nigga what?[Verse 1 - Mannie]
Wha wha wha nigga nigga

I put piss stains on private planes cuz its my jet nigga
Money aint shit cuz my rottweilers drink moet
Diamond baugette bracelets for my lovers
Playa, i use cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost 3 nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slangin pickle
Who got benz, a prowler, playboy, and a Vette
Tell the truth--who fucked ya on the same night when we met?
Now, who got baby mamas from the noila to new york
Who got every bitch attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talkin bout, look--yall dont know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that hoe
Now look here, yall aint seen my watch, its like harlem world video
White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I dont know
Shorty, when tha next time imma be up in your bed
I love you? you love me? 
Well go head on and gimme some head

[Chorus 2x - Juvenile]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie thats our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry thats our night
I know a lot of haters out there sayin
That thats not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So thats our life

[Verse 2 - Baby]
I told four I need somethin
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That aint nothin
These hoes doin hella wrong
Callin these niggaz on our cell phone
Bitch ridin benz on 20 inch chrome
Gimme the key, the car hoe, and the alarm
For my prowler, my jag, my benz and my home
Bitch you'll neva ride 20 inch chrome
I love to shine, thats why the choppa is mine
Hit my block in my benz hoe with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldnt drive
Ordered the tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the bose system right behind my eyes
With the vc's and tv's so a nigga could shine
With my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they dont need no job

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3 - B.G.]
I ride the best from a benz to a jag to a beamer to a lex
Might fly first class on delta, helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter, I'm a reppa
Geezy like to shine
Drink Don, Moet, and Cris
See thats the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing i sit my shit on
Dont bring ya bitch around me 
Cuz my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I aint gonna tell her nothin different
Thats ya issue
But after she come back
Your best out is not to kiss her
Hoes sick sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at BG watch
That bitch blingalingaling
I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will neva
See me sportin nothin that aint 20 g's or betta
Me and Wayne take the left
Juve and Baby take the right
Its dark in the room, we hold up our watches and its light
Cash Money millionaires livin a hell of a life
Like my nigga weezay said, we surrounded by ice

[Chorus (2x)]

[Lil Wayne]
whoa whoa whoa
Now im shinin baby glossin
Big tymin stuntin and flossin
Lamborghini sittin on ??
With two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black ferrari
With nintendo and atari
Man I swear the car is awesome
Vroom! sorry we lost em
I'm back
I pull up smellin like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the hummer, 
Hour lata I'm flyin back
Whoosh, private jets about to land
The women fall out when I let em touch my hand
I get out the plane into a mercedes benz van 
TVs all ova with chrome 20 inch fans, damn
Got damn
Man I am
L-I-L, weezy, off the heezy
But still in all, ice floodin on my watch
And in my grill and all
Porch blocks front blocks
Still in all, me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soulja

[Chorus & talking til fade][Paparue]
Original roughnecks, hear [laughing]
Check!

[Chorus 2x]
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we
Nobody bust them heads like-a we
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, it's little rhymecholy
Legendary like Bob Marley
17 ward superstar, feel me
I tell ya, shorty million dollar, nigga
Don't test, 'cause lil' shorty is a rider, nigga
Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way
Hit your wards, with tha pump, with your chest and your face
I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin', I'm thugged out!
I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills
You wan' know what that be like? Well, curiousity kills
Send chills up my trigga finger, blast tha dummy
'Specially if it's a drought, I got ta have tha money
Take tha hit, even if it's below tha average money
Got to make it through tha week, and feed my family uppy
I'm just a lil' thug, what
Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs, what
And police don't even matter, they can suck what
Tha price right if I catch ya slippin', nigga, what what.. what

[Chorus]
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we (nawww)
Nobody bust them heads like-a we (hmmmm)
Nobody could outshin we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family ([Baby]What!) ([Pap.] For real!)

([Baby] What! What!)Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([Pap.] nawww)
Nobody bust them heads like-a we ([Baby] Say it, say it) ([Pap.] hmmmm)
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family (For real!!)

[Mannie Fresh]
Eeh, what, what
What, you got a [?], 'cause of tha threats that you sendin' me?
Lil' boy, I got so much money, I know who killed Kennedy
I hear you tellin' people 'bout tha people you done
But look, everytime I brought me to ya, you all about fun
What made you bring a knife to a gun fight... now that's not right!
Why your bitch-ass even showed up tonight?
Nigga, we use ta kick it like Tai Bo
I don't know.. what made you go sideshow, turn jive whore
Kickin', trifling, dirty, and low
We use ta split chicken.. ride ta Texas and back
I drive tha rental car while you drive tha Cadillac
Shakin' like a pair of hot dice
Doin' 55, duckin' feds, law enforcement, and police
Niggas turn like fake gold.. sell they soul
Treat'cha like Chicago in tha winter: ice cold!
9-karat 44's, and Calicos
Keep a clean nose
And tight Teflon bullet-proof clothes

[Chorus]
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([B.G.] What? What?)
Nobody bust (Stop!) them heads like-a we (What? What?)
Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?)
Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (What?) family (What?) ([Pap.] Uh-huhh!)

Nobody burn them blocks (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] nawww) 
([B.G.] What? What?)
Nobody bust them heads (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] hmmmm) 
([B.G.] What? What?)
Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?)
Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (Stop!) family (Stop!) ([Pap.] For real!!)

[Baby]
Nigga outta line, get smoked
I don't kidd, or joke
Fuckin' with my B.G., off top I'm goin' broke
I don't play with these niggas
I get.. low down and dirty
And have niggas' brains coverin' tha ground
I'm tha number-one stunter, you don't want my trouble
I'll have four niggas in your hood in my hummer
I'm from back in tha game, but ain't a damn thing change

[B.G.]
Ya get a whole thing for ten, nigga, tha price tha same

[Baby]
My money long, but it don't run with tha airport
I just bought a Hotel Cash Money Resort
Hos love my grill, hos love my crib

[B.G.]
These hos just love tha way that.. Baby live

[Baby]
But I'm a thug-ass nigga, arms full of some taps
Got a Cash Money Millionaires 'cross my back
You don't want funk with me.. I don't think you do, nigga

[B.G.]
We'll put ten-a-piece on your whole crew

[Baby]
What!

[Chorus 4x]
[fading out begins in 4th][Lil Wayne]
Whaaat
You can find me on the corner with stones, quarters and zones
or dope and powder broke, and our sale's soap and flour
And most of our customers come up to us daily
Yet and still I cut this stuff crazy - a hustler, baby
What can I give you? I distribute ki's to the kings
and z's to the fiends, and ecstasy and weed to the teens
You need to see Wheez - anything you like and I have 'em
From crack to Viagra, and Vicadins valiums
I'm the nigga they point to when you hit my av
So get all your money together, come and get my slabs
I get my cash, put some aside, and flip like half
And still enough for me to TV and deep-dish my Nav'
And you can tell the law that I say they can kiss my acid
For the white people, when I get you bricks for ten, I know the right people
And I keep a nine on my waistline
And I'ma be right on the corner, wodie - I'm gonna grind

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm tryin' to grind

I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
Nigga, y'all gon' respect Wheezy, or else the tec squeezin' shots
I have your chest steamin' hot, and your sis' screamin', "Stop!"
I hang out on the block, nigga, with rocks and weed
On the corner 'til the mornin', see the cops and flee
And if we beef, we don't beef long 'cause we gon' creep all night
So I hope you don't sleep all night - we on your street all night
Say, aw aw, I don't want your boy to get me shoes
'cause I spit tools, and put him tissues in his shoes
And the bricks move every followin' week
So if you need to get it, too, then holla at me - got powder or d
And I shower your streets until your av pass out
More bricks than the three of your pigs' last damn house
Stack crack and lay back, and just laugh at droughts
And issue work for half and just grab that south
For real, nigga - Wheezy Whee tryin' to shine
From daybreak to nightfall I'm gon' grind

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
Tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
I start from grams to ounces to quarters to halves to ki's
Take seconds to minutes to hours to days and to weeks
Gotta grind, work, hustle, struggle, and get it
Gotta buy, cook it, cut it, sell it, and flip it
And I flight everyday and night from the corner to the avenue
And I'll sleep next week, man, I got yay, dope, and crack to move
Ask them dudes when Wheezy open shop, I ain't got a bag to lose
Especially if I don't like who sent 'em to me and I'ma tax a dude
Duck the Feds and drama like I duck my baby momma
Sometimes I play it sour - what you thought was yay was flour
I pull whatever for the cheddar - nigga gotta flash and floss
Drought come around, then it's jack the cost or jack the boss
Cock the gun, then I push rocks 'til I spot the sun
All day I hung the block, I see the cops and run
I'm tryin' to get rich 'cause I wan' shine
You can find me on the block, nigga, all the time

[Hook 4x - Lil Wayne]
I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
Look,
Whaaaaaa[B.G.]
Say, Weezy (weezy)

[Lil' Wayne]
Can... they remember... me?
Lil' Wee... zy

[B.G.]
Make 'em remember (Haaa!) ya, nigga
Let these niggas know your (Look!) background, nigga (Look!)
Let 'em (Look!) know your (Look!) background!
Let 'em know how you've been for a while

[Lil' Wayne]
All I was taught was murder murder
Kill drama, and nothin' less
I strap tha Smith-Wess, and bust.. it in they chest
I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle
Had ta struggle for success
Hid grams in girls' breasts, stick bricks.. under they dress
Them niggas there with me fooli'
Me, I'm full of that dilly
Hope when I catch them slippin'
Him and they daddy's trippin'
Shorty can hold it down
Shorty be totin' rounds
Smellin' like a pound on school grounds
Shorty, wow
Hair... all over my head
Bandana 'round my brain
Eyes bloodshot red
Briches down to my legs
Guns up in my trench
When niggas playin', they get drenched
My pockets is full of lead
So, nigga, stay off tha ben
I'm young with bad nerves
Since I lost my partna, I've been troubled, hurt in this 'burb
So I'on't even hesitate ta leave 'em on tha curb
And wet dem niggas' shirt
Nigga, get 'em full of birds
Tell them niggas, Geezy!

[Chorus, B.G.]
Remember he? Tha little G, never die
Took one to tha chest, but Weeze Wee never die
Remember he? Tha little G, never die
Have B.Geezy on his side, so Weezy Wee never die
Lil' Weezy Wee... had ta steal, hustle, and jack
Weezy Wee roll with K's, glocks, and MAC's
Tha little G, he was raised keepin' it real
That's my lil' nigga, I taught him to get it how he live, nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, look
That time I forgot tha bills
Ain't been home in two weeks
Macita lookin' for me
Tha word all over tha streets
Well, shiiit! I love my momma
But all I got ta offer is drama, and many problems
I lay back in tha cut
These niggas out and I rob 'em, they ain't spin around here
We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here
Tha lights got cut off at my house, and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow
I can't see it, I'ma drop my pile on tha floor
They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz, hey man, them boys ain't riders
{gun cocks} Hand it over, partna, my feet done got tired (Break it off)
Well, picture this, I gotta corner this ole nigga address
He said he got that work, and needed me ta meet 'im there (Meet him there)
Nigga, take your Roly down with somethin' shady, daddy (What?)
Within a week he changed his mind, and... received tha package (What?)
Oh well... back to tha drawin' board (Board)
Cowards start hollerin' 'cause they know I'm comin' for it

[Chorus]

[Lil' Wayne]
Lemme tell 'em
You remember that there nigga use ta be thuggin' it out
Blunt in his mouth, would stay passed up in a drought
Run in your house, "Lay down! Nobody move!
Tell that slut go get your stash, and empty your pockets, fool!"
That's how it was... crime, struggle, drivin' for scrubs
Lots of thugs... make niggas come ta answer them up
Some niggas choose ta come back to me, ride around my set for me
My lights off that thing 'cause I got that SKS with me
!Okay! (!okay!)
Listen, all you ballin' niggas betta !relocate! (!'locate!)
'Cause, see, ya'll got it
I gotta make my cheese !rotate! (!rotate!)
Right now I'm doin' bad
So just give me with whatever you have, my stomach hurt, I need a bag
I'm street-livin'... week for week
No-sleep livin'
Look outside ya window in tha mornin', your jeep missin'
My heat sizzlin'
I'm ready ta sweep these niggas
Geezy... make 'em remember Weezy, nigga!

[Chorus 2x]

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, remember that?

[B.G.]
Wuz up, (Are you rememberin', B.Geezy?)
I remember you, nigga, we go way back ta True Story, (Now) nigga, ya heard 
me

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, you don't remember me?

[B.G.]
I remember ya, nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
I was.. I was (You were doggin') a bad dog... (You were a lil' dog) Highly 
Grove 17, off top, nigga (Uh-huh)[Lil' Wayne]
What what what
What what what
What what what
Listen, listen
When.. I come through.. bustin'
Everybody on.. tha block be.. run-nin'
Weezy Wayne, Hot Boy, I.. be.. thug-gin'
Got.. them.. things.. ten up, keep.. hustlin'
Catch me at tha shop, I will.. be.. there
And my prices stay low, I keep.. it.. there
And if you want it raw, I got.. it.. right.. here
And if you want war, I am.. your.. nigh-tmare
This is all I know, it's bang bang
I hustle and slang slang
My block.. I hang hang
Who am I? Lil' Wayne, man
I represent CMB
My cell is ten in heat
I usually get in beef
Was taught that it's him or me
I pop head-bustas quick
I rock here for my brick
I chop that, I'ma [?]
My shop here [?]
I always.. thug in black
And always.. bustin' gats
Your girly's.. fuckin' back
Now how you... lovin' that

[Chorus 2x, Juvenile]
Hot Boy$, wardy.. respect.. us
Represen-tin' Cash Money.. Records
It's warfare, you betta.. vest.. up
But if you ain't scared, they blow.. your.. set.. up

[Lil' Wayne]
Listen, listen
I give it to 'em how they ask me
Raw and nasty
Tha AK, I pack it
Believe I'm 'bout that action
Slash a busta like a fraction
I'm on that yolla
Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder
Ride on your block, I see a dozen of weak jerks
Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts
For only half-a brick
I'll blast tha fifty
And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip
Yeah, I'm a small creeper, what
But it's about ta get ugly
Ya'll betta call people up
I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts
Wayne 'bout ta (cugghh-gghh-gghh) ball people up
Ya'll betta duck
When it get real, they hide from me
But, all them bustas 'bout ta get killed, I'm tired of it
Man, I'm thuggin' 'til tha day I.. I die, cousin
Weezy Wee.. let 'em burn, bring tha fire truck in... (whoooo!)

[Chorus 2x]

Nigga, let it be known
I'll come blow up your home
Take a few blunts to tha dome
And.. show up alone
Just me and my.. flame-torch
Wayne start.. danger
Walked with my head down like a stranger, and banged ya
Burnin' off that Hennesy
Some-a ya'll be feminine
Bounce in with a twitch
Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch
God damn... son of a shhh!.. Don't speak
I cocked that, and let it go, tssss!.. Give 'em heat
Your cheese, I got.. ta.. get.. paid
I'm goin' all out, no matter what.. it.. takes
I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper
Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature
Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot
Sell wrong colts to keep.. my.. glock.. hot
Never add taxes to.. my.. price, man
And if a boy play, I ride.. at.. night, man
What!

[Chorus 3x]

[Juvenile]
Uh, uh, uh
Say Lil' Weezy
You did this one here, ya heard me
They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one
It's like they said, boy
In tha year 2000, it's all about Wayne
It's your chrome, man, run that thang
17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown
Do that there
Huh, huh, huh, huh[Lil' Wayne]
Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what

Straight off the black gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man
Got my glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand
We be steamin, blazin, nines pumped in caves and
Hollygrove 17th, the hood where I was raised in
Niggaz bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and
rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and
do it for the real niggaz, twenty-four seven hustlers
EHHH, until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers
Ain't no love for them busta, no pimp for no coward
No respect for no stunt, and no money without power
We keepin niggaz hotter, EWWWW nasty and sour
Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour
Some niggaz like that powder, fold it up what they drain
Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins
From the home of the game, jackin and crackin brains
Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne

[Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile, Lil' Wayne]

[Juve:] Nigga you got that llello?
[B.G.:] Well cook something nigga
[Juve:] Nigga you let them K's go?
[B.G.:] Well bust somethin nigga
[Juve:] Are you duckin that law?
[B.G.:] You better run from em nigga
[Juve:] Are you playin with that raw?
[B.G.:] Well won't you front somethin nigga
[Wayne] Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha..

[Lil' Wayne]
See where I'm from we keep our guns out
Dodgin cops and burnin blocks, cause we be thugged out
It's time to floss, two big bodies on Broad South
and they got quarter staffs and birds that run the house
It's all good in the hood hustlin like illegal
Soon as you get it, hot SKIRT, like for them people
Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto'
End up in Miss Taylor backyard, be quiet, she on the porch
This everyday, at the spot where niggaz murder on top, boy
It's the spot where they got Fire Girls and Hot, Boys
We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees
and we'll be round ya all day til it's "400 Degreez"
And you see where niggaz go, nobody be on the pulpit
They got a nigga that own the sto', he flippin out off that broad
Betta stay in yo' car, and make sure, your door is locked
Cause this ain't nuttin proper, cause Tha Block, is jusssst Hot

[Chorus]

[Lil' Wayne]
See watch your step on my section, gotta walk like, talk like
Where they shot out all the street lights
So you can't see what nobody be like
And we like, to dress in all black up in my residence
Ain't got on no suits, cause we ain't tryin to be presidents
And ever since the coke drought, niggaz been on a trip y'all
So you better watch what y'all playin wit
Cause a nigga will try to flip y'all
They hit y'all, jam you up and put a gun to your jug
Hahhhh, catch your breath, now shhhhh, catch a slug
It's street smarts, plenty niggaz that keep spots
When the heat starts, ain't nobody got sweethearts
Callin weak shots, you could come try to cheap talk
We cut your week short, them lil' boys don't give a damn
Call out for that caper, won't hesitate to kill a man
Run in his house and kidnap the nigga, him and his fam
Tie em up put em in the vans, then put a gat in his drawers
... tch, one move blow his cactuses off

[Chorus]

[Lil' Wayne]
WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga shhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga shhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
The block is hot ha ha ha haLook, where I go from here?
Just lost my father last year
But I still, remain to keep it real like dollar bills
I drop tears, can't believe my daddy's gone
Rabbit come home, why ya left us all alone?
But I'm comin man
Just wait at the gates, I'ma be runnin man
Arms open, eyes wide, full a love
You watched me come up from a scrub
Now ya see ya son ridin everyday on dubs
But I wish, I could share them times wit' you
It got me pissed, this family and my momma, too
But please brah, won't ya come back for Lil Wayne
And see Cita, Mrs. Rose, Sheryl, Kemp and plus Sinetra
Dawg, we really miss ya
And it ain't all that cool livin off pictures
Ah man, visit while I'm sleep, write a note or call me
Can't believe you left me to be a small man
But I know it wasn't meant to be
That's why I suck up all the game that you sent to me

[Hook 2x]
It's up to you, Wayne, nigga, stay up and keep it real
It's all on you, man, my nigga, I know how you feel
Just be strong, 'cause everythang gon' be alright
I know it's hard tryna make but it's gon' be alright

Alright I know it, see I got a child
I know I'm young, but when you left dawg, thangs got wild
I know you probably sayin 'damn, you raisin children now?'
But it's all gravy I'm with Baby makin millions now
So I still smile
I'm takin care ya wife bra
Ain't nothin changed, if I still come home late at night she fuss
But it's still the ol' same ol', same ol'
Thangs go, up and down like rainbows, we maintain though
So you know who payin the bills now, ah hah
Still flossin, give my audience the chills, ah hah
I got all my game from you, man I ain't gon' lie
But I'm still thuggin nigga, playa you think I ain't gon' ride?
But Slim and B done slowed me done and brought the talent out me
Yeah Slim and B done showed me 'round, all a the Jags around me
And I ain't goin' no where, that nigga stuck wit' me
And make you and my people happy, man it's up to me

[Hook]

I know you know I'm thinkin' 'bout ya, you be on my mind
I know ya see me everytime watchin the boys shine
And I know that ya see I put out my own CD
And picture this, your little boy even on TV
But I swear it's off the heezy, Weezy
Say it's cool, you can believe me, I like how they treat me
I'm doin' what ya say, don't let a nigga try me
And I don't let a fine, pretty broad get by me
Don't let nothin' pull me off track from my hobby
Oh yeah, and I don't leave my room sloppy
But the same thang make ya laugh, make ya cry
And everybody that ya love it's like they have to die
I pray to the Lord everyday and ask him why
And ask him to bless your soul everytime I pass by
I know he doin' it, and leavin all the love to me
And I'ma prove it, and show ya daddy it's up to me

[Hook 3x]

I mean it's up to me man
Just watch over me
And it's gon' be all gravy man
Leavin big, treatin me all good
Everythang else be all good
Rest in peace ya heard me
I'll be thereWhat
What?
Nigga, huh?
Huh?
Nigga, what?
What?!
What?
Check!

I'm shootin', flee
Pollutin' you and your niggas, betta run from me
Comin' through in a strap... with a 223
You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef
What? Nigga nigga, shiiiit!
Now, I'm ridin', ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flyin', fly
Nigga, you want beef with I?
I hope you lyin', but why?
In the middle of tha night, I be fatigued, camouflagin' by
Byy-bahda-by-by-by
Huh? Nigga, what? Takin' me for a joke, and watch me hurt cha
Boys there, they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple
I'm a lil' bitty nigga, but I got a big ole chop, 2's that'll kill 50 niggas
Didja do it? Thought it was cool?
But cha still in it, nigga
Your so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga
Lil' Wayne representin'
I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs
I tear up dreads, take our breads, now go figure
What? From tha 17th, I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas
Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!!
Ya'll hatin' on me, you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell ya ta chill?
Guerrilla, you can play if you want
Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk
Ho, feminine punk!

[Chorus]
Now, nigga, what?! Huh?! (What?!)
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say what?! Huh?! Huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!

Now I be Wayne Wayne Wayne... from CMB
50 shots, flame flame flame... from artillery
Bullets, they stain stain stain... burn like rubber on tha streets
(Screech!) If you can't hang, find your way from 'round me
Lil' soldier in all black off-a A.N.E.
I pullin' ego, my nigga, so ain't no playin' me
Yeah, I may be... a lil' small and all that
But I'm 'bout war, totin' a gat, flippin' a car and all that
Now freeze! Me and my g's hitchyour hood like fleas
Soldier rag, black 'Bauds, white T's, and Ree's
Please, tell me that you was fulla weed
When you said you want beef
'Cause I don't think nonna ya'll famileez wan' see ya'll bleed
I know what tha hell it be
Ya'll niggas don't listen up when we speak
I be ten-deep
Lettin' 223's chop trees
[?] told me not ta be weak, and let a nigga play me
So he... who take tha biggest bite, lose all-a his teeth
Hook up wit Juve, Turk, and B.G.
Open niggas like ki'
G... I bet some g's, boy, can't wet a HB
Or Steve's... CMB's make tha scene off tha heez
All ya'll beef-b's be seized when we ride... g's!

[Chorus]
Nigga, what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what, nigga, what?! Nigga, huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!

Look, dog... you can be stupid if want, watch, it be war
Or all you drive tha car, I hit tha block and.. cut 'em off
Whole nation gon' fall... when Wayne spins tha cut
Guns up, nigga, what!... I clutch and bust
Niggas duck and hide... when.. I.. ride
I load tha forty-five, and explode on your side
My niggas, Mike and Mario, they got some 2's for me
And I spin a nigga ben until he use ta me
I'm on a 3000-dollar duck.. on your block, just waitin'
Nonna dem niggas could take me, I was too in-tox-i-cat-ed
But, nigga, if you want war with me, besta be 'bout your issue
Hit your set with.. my nigga with them things ta split cha
Picture a lil' nigga dressed in black... with a big ole gun
In front'chyour house, shootin', 'baahhh!!!'.. hollerin' out, 'Nigga, 
what?!'

Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say huh?! What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' back at your crew!
Now I say, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say, huh?! What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what?! Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' at your crew!
What! What! What!
Huh?! Huh?!
Nigga nigga nigga, what ch'all want?
Nigga, what ch'all niggas wan' do?
Nigga, what?!... Huh?!... Huh?![Lil Wayne]
Look look look - don't play with me
Look look look
Huh? Huh? Look
Let's get the pistols out the trunk, let's get ready to bust things
Leave a nigga block full of nothin' but guts, brains
Ain't no way, nowhere that these niggas could duck flames
My guns up for and tellin' all to suck Wayne
I'm runnin' with a clique that just be thuggin' heavy
Plus I'm runnin' in them bricks, cook it, cut it, sell it
One time for my daddy, Rabbit, up in Heaven
Ever since my nigga died I've been strapped up and ready
Come and get it - it's Wheezy Whee, the hottest ever
Now this fella gon' get bullets inside his sweater
I'm just terror, or better yet, horror or drama
And tomorrow I'ma hit the block and barrow your momma
Beef with me, you're swimmin' in water with sharks and piranhas
Revolvers and choppers got all your partners callin' the coppers
And for the grand finale, I might pull up in a tan Denali
When I hop out, in my hand is a Calico sprayin' your family

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
Don't play with me - I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
You bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
And I pop my gun
Better hide and run

[Lil Wayne]
What is this that done got me in your district? Twist it
Now everybody got dots on they heads like Egyptians
I'm tipsy - I've been sippin' on that Hennessy, people
Then it get deeper, I start shootin' up innocent people
Seventeen creeper is who I - what I - be, dog
The clip slide in the four-five, then it blow five
In heat, dog? It's your life or me, dog
On four tires, or feet, dog
I still be on the block sweepin'
Nobody is not sleepin'
Got me in all black with a gun in a palm
Run in his home, start shootin', hit his son in the dome
Dummy, it's on - ain't gon' be no relaxin' and stuff
cause when I come through mashin' the truck, I'm blastin' a pump
and passin' a blunt - me circle, wants to see if he dead
Gotta be sure cause niggas promised me a ki if he dead
But, dog, you get it raw if you are with the kid
I'll push your baby momma car off the bridge
Huh?!

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

[Lil Wayne]
You might catch me with bandanas and strapped T
On the back street of your block in the back seat
I'ma cap three at the first coward I up and see
I'ma bust the piece and knock his body a couple of feet
When I rush your front door, you get a few to your stomach
Hope they dress you up nice because your funeral Sunday
Nigga shouldn't've played tough - wouldn't've got his head bust
Now your whole livin' room is full of pink and red stuff
Now you're gatted up, full of that vodka and weed - add it up
Fresh platted up, your T-shirt all tatted up
Crack in the tongue of my kicks
Plus I got a gun on my hip, and I'm runnin' the strip
I know you see me: Little Wheezy killaholeezy
A hundred rounds from the chopper leave 'em real sleepy
You know how we be smellin' weedy up in our clothes
Cutthroatin', connivin' killers, but that's all I know
Huh? Huh? Huh?

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Nigga, bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me
Look, uh-huh (uh-huh uh-huh)
Look look look
Look look look
Whoa[Lil Wayne]
He he hee
I'm a young playa nigga, (what)
I get the game from the big tymers, nigga (what, what)
Who else? (Speak on it) On the real nigga, on the real nigga
Respect the game
Cuz I got the game

[Lil Wayne]
Y'all know who I is
Weezy coming thru in the bubble eye Benz
See me front in back with the wood all around
Plus I got that *boom boom* surround sound
Don't hate on me boy if you do *pow* get down
Come from under my shirt try to lift you off the ground
But on the other hand, I'ma keep running man
I got about a hundred coming up with three Hummers man
We stuntas man
I might stumble across a grand and give it to you wifey
And watch how she *slurp* on my pipey like a Icee
I might be in a Range that night
I might be in a Lex watching the game tonight
I got a hundred on Kobe, hope he playing it right
But if I lose, its cool, that's some change lil shite
That ain't nothing
I ain't doing nothing if I, I ain't stunting
Hold up, girl be quiet, Lil Wayne coming.

[Baby]
Slow yo roll lil one
You ain't glad its bought
And Ms. Pat and gray head over there
In the back card gambling
At the bar dranking
But go head, just be quiet with em lil one

[Lil Wayne]
Broads I use em
Hatas I bluse em
My whole front grill is full of confusion
Got dammit
Weezy pull up in a Porsche, expanded (expanded)
I was to the back, niggas couldn't stand it
Soon as I left the scene, the women vanished
I got it like that
Got Rolex, blue shit hard to say watches
Plus I bought all of my niggas Cartier watches
Weezy and his clique leave with forty b-e-atches
Million dolla man baby tear da beasy
Catch me sippin on some Hen, maybe Covoursier
Sammy, Mario, tody Taz, that's my posse
And what
You might see me dippin low in a Benz truck
Tell yo girl hello
I done did her, what you muggin me for
Keep playin with me, I'll put a slug in yo do

[Mannie]
Now looky here, young blood
Pull yo pants up on yo ass and put that piece of metal up in yo shirt
Don't make me get up out this wheel chair and kick yo ass
Now keep doing what you doing
Go head

Y'all know me, young playa, stomp with the big dogs
Play with me boy I give you cancer like menthol
Cough cough cough up
Got a cat eye benz on brollas
They call us
Uptown shiners
Original hot boy$ baby, big tymers
I spit game
Get in they head, they be like, Quit Wayne!
Half hour later, I'm in they split man
Hehehehe it be kicks man
Let me get real
I'll kill on the battlefield
Steal for the scrill
I will never leave my clique nigga, I'm to trill
I'm a little peepsqueal
But I'm a ape in that jungle
And if you get it twisted,
Nigga, I'm taking yo lover
I mean I'm raping yo lover
Leave her taste in my rubber
I'm a playa nigga, I'm a playa[Lil' Wayne]
Aw aw
Aw aw!
Aw aw!!
Peep me out, look!
Head bustin', black fatigues
So blunted, 400 degreez, it's sweet
Nigga, respect me
When you see tha left hand buggin', nigga, respect it
But if you see tha left hand bustin', nigga, your disrespectin'
Took one to tha chest, I never die, I'm tha same brotha
Jump out and shoot K's, let 'em fly, I'm tha same brotha
It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed, brotha
Disconnect a boy like a damn change number
Uhhh, hang up and try again
I kill ya, wake ya up, and make you die again
Spark it up, and make a nigga block fry again
Go ta jail, and do life, not five ta ten
Me, Lil' Mario, and Toolie, that's my man, fam
My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude VanDamme
About'chu, 'cause we don't play around
Bring tha K around, spray tha town, take tha ground
Take tha ground that you walk on
Tap tha phones that you talk on
Jam ya up and take your arms off
I hit you twice with tha sawed-off
And your nigga just watch your head fall off... fall off
You think ya love me, I shoot anybody that look suspicious (what)
I bust tha three-six until tha damn drum bust (what)
I hit tha hood, (I hit tha hood) be up in all black, (be in all black) 
numb-nut
I run up in your house with a tommy gun, what
I'm standin' there like all mine
Run through your click like a weak defensive line
Doggy fresh

[Turk]
You want war, nigga, let's beef... beef
We can do it how ya want, or take it to tha streets... streets
I'll be dressed in camouflage, Ree's on my feet
Through your air (through your air) leave ya burnin' like heat
What ya.. know, I'm tha one from tha T.C.
Chopper shooter, block bruiser, I'll bet any G (any G)
On fire, nigga, label, that's a HB
And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family (family)
Think it's a game, 'rilla, test my nuts, you'll see
How fast I send shots through your 6V (6V)
Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB
And I know you all know about Slim and B
We get our ball on, nigga, drink Cristy
Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee
Betta ask somebody, nigga, I been a G
And the Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
Aw, aw, aw, look
Call me big baller, Big Tymer, big pockets
Call me big stunter, big stick, or big body
Call me that lil' nigga with tha Role... fulla diamonds
Call me tha number one Hot Boy on fire
Fire, when you shoot outta town, then I'ma holler
With a crate of Crystile, couple of blunts, and a condom
Let him know if (let him know if) he down bad, that ain't my problem
Ler him know if he come at me bad, then I'ma chop him
Ch-uh.. chop him
Put tha flame to him
All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him
'Cause I'm tha same nigga, pimper boy, Lil' Wayne
Thugged out, pants fall to my shoe strings
But since I use ta be.. doin' tha best at thangs
That mean I gotta wear a vest that day
I really think them niggas jealous... of tha sparkle in my necklace
He ain't ready.. he ain't ready